{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The live app is a real Next.js 16 app with actual API integrations
\f1\b0  \'97 OpenAI for parsing, Google Places for search, Nylas for Gmail. It already has: a trip detail page with a day planner (6 time slots), a pool tray with sorted place cards, an import drawer (text/URL/Maps/email), a place detail sheet, and a taste profile page. It's backed by Zustand stores and has a Prisma/SQLite schema ready.\
The gap between what's live and what we've designed is significant but structured. Here's how I'd attack it:\

\f0\b Phase 1 \'97 Enhanced Slot Grid (planner overhaul)
\f1\b0  The biggest visual impact. The current DayPlanner.tsx is functional but plain \'97 no ghost cards, no multi-source badges, no unsorted pill, no time pins. This phase updates it to match the Enhanced Slot Grid: source-colored ghost cards (\uc0\u55357 \u56420  friend, \u10022  AI, \u55357 \u56525  Maps, \u9993  email), the Unsorted pill bridging pool \u8594  planner, swipe hints, and the day strip with destination colors. Mostly front-end component work touching DayPlanner.tsx, new GhostCard and UnsortedPill components, and updating the types to support source-aware items.\

\f0\b Phase 2 \'97 Rating System
\f1\b0  Add the four-layer rating UI. New components for the gut reaction picker (\uc0\u9825 /\u10003 /\u8596 /\u10007 ), dimensional tags (adaptive by place type), "would you return?" toggle, and personal note. Update the types and store. This surfaces on place cards and as a post-trip prompt.\

\f0\b Phase 3 \'97 Collection & Saved Screen
\f1\b0  Transform the empty Saved page into the two-tier collection (My Places vs History). Add location clusters, source filters, trip-relevance banners, search. This is mostly a new SavedScreen build plus type updates.\

\f0\b Phase 4 \'97 Smart Collections
\f1\b0  Add natural language collection creation to the Saved screen. Wire to GPT-4o for query interpretation. Share/export UI.\

\f0\b Phase 5 \'97 Import Flow Upgrade
\f1\b0  Enhance ImportDrawer.tsx with the Lanzarote-style flow: category grouping, extracted notes, bulk confirm review screen, auto-created collections.\

\f0\b Phase 6 \'97 AI Chat Overlay
\f1\b0  Build out ChatSidebar.tsx (currently a stub) into the pull-up sheet with quick-action chips, diff cards, selective accept/reject. Wire to OpenAI for schedule-aware responses.\

\f0\b On API keys and accounts \'97 here's what you already have vs what you'd need:
\f1\b0 \
You already have configured (in your Vercel env):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 OpenAI API key (for GPT-4o parsing) \'97 \uc0\u9989  already working\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Google Places API key \'97 \uc0\u9989  already working\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nylas (Gmail OAuth) \'97 \uc0\u9989  already configured\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Nothing new needed for Phases 1\'965. They're all front-end UI updates plus leveraging the OpenAI key you already have.\
For Phase 6 (AI Chat), we'd use the same OpenAI key but with a new endpoint that passes the current schedule as context. No new keys needed.\
The only thing I'd eventually want for Smart Collections export is a 
\f0\b Google Maps API key with the "My Maps" or "Saved Places" scope
\f1\b0  \'97 but that's a nice-to-have we can skip in the prototype and just show the UI for it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 My recommendation:
\f1\b0  start with Phase 1 (Enhanced Slot Grid) since it's the most visible change and the planner is the core of the app. Want me to kick that off?\
}